an afternoon there also good afternoon the afternoon
first
and run day has started the morning is
beyond the program is over
tomorrow we have a lot to call
seen oh and stood out this morning that we
little ones who do n't
bad
we have two groups of tomorrow
camps and from along together was
last group came in for the
round one thousand good
I think that is something international
deserve attention nowhere in the world
you can get a hundred thousand class not
good gino
CV showed him and they think for the
international is slowly becoming a good thing
but
murdered daughter groups that I want
briefly with you
the last of those that were the
daughters of noor in only unfortunately on
paper
you can not find that is one
a little bit of a shame of course than home
have already hurt him were milk well
no they have too little texture point on
that bar here then sees then became two
groups of camps thereof tino is one
red bull and
games
leonidas can see so leonidas is one
boy goals is such a goldwyn such a true
I have a lot of vision for the future
a very nice perch with the best fall
can or clara
where people download was a very best
group it was opened by one
american the show book him i would like
were good memory would like something
more
dairy wishes then there is such a brooklynn
that is actually the champion of this
year
rodebont from the did such a program well
then you can't just say beautiful
juvenile animals from a high protein
smoothie do well then we have
seen
not higher but in ass again
such a and yes the earth group good work
not so very special
want to tell then we have seen
aurora jeroen sister with very high side
have come through I will become one
ordinary group in mainly on trunk but it
is the grade champion good grades
you see he has good service
table and therefore he becomes by his
owner
show hiero organized enormously
touted to kino than intestines
nice red and white cows very uniform
Praise to hear also those below
bleeding I've been overview
beautiful headings
it's good advertising for the whole
business and I also find the stock market here
beautiful big stents
no real sense focused on livestock farming
all machines or tractors
you have nothing on my real milking machine
nutrition and bookkeepers that states between
flint by write all the way sellers
opened in the spammer in a small
Cupcakes on dry and has a huge resume
large pavilion with free ice and beer
and the day groups so yes it's really one
beautiful customer loyalty woman
insure so what is you for
those who stayed home today
all those groups will also be there tomorrow
all those groups were dry and slippery
then the individual inspection is in that
is for the real cows of monkeys
the most important or the qur'an bons
becoming champion of jans so of pieterse
And that is very important to Johan
can see a small preview
well no, because the good of bons
For example, when I got there
already in the back here was that layer
and
I know ytsje asked him
beyond anything over his
that can know the mud high cheap
that it can thank you thank you